Add Direct Line Speech entrypoints to more docs (#3163)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: README.md

> This section points out important version notes. For further information, please see the related links and check the [`CHANGELOG.md`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

## Direct Line Speech support in Web Chat 4.7.0

> Starting from Web Chat 4.7.0, Direct Line Speech is supported and preferred way to provide an integrated speech functionality in Web Chat. We are working on [closing feature gaps](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/labels/Direct%20Line%20Speech) between Direct Line Speech and Web Speech API (includes Cognitive Services and browser-provided speech functionality).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from Web Chat 4.7.0, Direct Line Speech is supported, and it is the preferred way to provide an integrated speech functionality in Web Chat. We are working on [closing feature gaps](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/labels/Direct%20Line%20Speech) between Direct Line Speech and Web Speech API (includes Cognitive Services and browser-provided speech functionality).
```

View the [telemetry documentation](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/master/docs/TELEMETRY.md) for implementing in Web Chat.

## Speech

> Web Chat support a wide-range of speech engines for a natural chat experience with a bot. This section outlines different engines we support:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web Chat supports a wide-range of speech engines for a natural chat experience with a bot. This section outlines the different engines that are supported:
```
